It's this trash in front of me
Judge me in the morning
Don't you deserve it?
Hahahaha
How funny!
I don't deserve it, so I'll ask the future 5 soldiers
Does Xiao Dasheng deserve it?
He doesn't deserve it either
No one in this world is qualified to judge
Xiao Chen, let me ask you again.
If I judge you on behalf of Wu Weijun?
On behalf of Wu Weijun
You are more worthy of humming
I don't deserve to talk nonsense
I'm going to judge you here today.
Stupid, I want you to suffer a thousand times more than me
Lin Shaoyang, what are you crazy about?
This is the king's banquet
Do you have to do things so well?
You bitch
All I have to do is
If it weren't for depression
Can I become the ghost I am today?
Depressed, I can't wait to skin you and cramp you
Let you suffer to death
Liu Qingxue, don't worry about this wild man
After I slowly tortured him to death
I'll settle the bill with you again.
When the time comes, I will let you dog men and women
Be a companion on Huangquan Road
Ok Liu Shaoyang
That being the case
Just let me see how you're going to judge
Since you are in a hurry to die
Then I will fulfill you
Xiao Chen is fine, Qingxue
The dinner hasn't started yet
I'll play a game with them
Trial begins
Here we go.
I will list the many crimes of Xiao Chen, this trash
Let him die a worthy death
first sin
He killed his parents.
rebellious
This Xiao Chen
He was originally the young master Xiao Zhan of the Xiao family in the imperial capital
Eight years ago, he murdered his biological parents
absconding from crime
So far he has no repentance
You are talking nonsense
What evidence do you have that I killed my biological parents?